(Chifuyu sobbing)
Oh Baji!
How the hell am I supposed
to go on now without you?
(footsteps thudding)
Hm?
(wind rustling)
(soft instrumental music)
(birds chirping)
[Kazutora] I was told
to expect to be in here
at least 10 years.
But is even that enough?
I'm not running away.
I need to face up to what I did.
And at least I learned
that much from him.
And...
So this time,
I'm going to actually
do the right thing.
[Draken] Don't kill
yourself, Kazutora.
Huh?
(soft instrumental music)
How did you?
(Draken sighs)
I know what you meant
because I know what
you're thinking right now.
(Kazutora gasps)
And I'll never forgive you
if you take your own life
to try to make amends.
(Kazutora sniffling)
[Takemichi] Hm.
[Kazutora] But I just...
I don't know what else there is.
What else can I do?
(soft instrumental music)
[Draken] I have a
message from Mikey.
He told me to tell you this,
"You're still a part of Toman."
(Kazutora gasping)
"And I forgive you."
(soft piano music)
(Kazutora sobbing)
(inspirational
instrumental music)
(winds rustling)
[Mikey] This is what you
wanted me to do, isn't it?
Huh, Baji?
(soft instrumental music)
(Draken shivering)
[Draken] Man, it's
cold out here.
Yep. Winter's here.
(footsteps thudding)
(soft instrumental music)
Please take care of
yourself, Kazutora.
(footsteps thudding)
(soft instrumental music)
Oh, yeah.
And I've got a
message from Mikey
for you too, Takemichi.
Huh?
What did Mikey have to say?
Well, he wanted me to tell you
to be sure to show up
at our next meeting.
He's got something
important to tell you.
(Takemichi gasps)
(footsteps thudding)
(train revving)
(train chuffing)
Something important?
I wonder what it is?
It sounds a little
scary to be honest.
(train chuffing)
(opening theme music)
(footsteps thudding)
(horn honking)
(crowd chattering)
In the end,
I couldn't do
anything useful at all
in the Bloody Halloween battle,
Baji died and
Kazutora was arrested.
But...
Kazutora wasn't killed by Mikey,
which means that just maybe
we were able to
prevent the future
where Kisaki takes over Toman.
I guess that'll be clear
at our next meeting.
(crowd chattering)
Hm? Shibuya?
Where are we going?
My place.
It's around the corner
so we're stopping by.
Around the corner from what?
(Takemichi gawking)
I mean,
we're right in the
middle of Shibuya here!
(upbeat instrumental music)
Huh?
Are you telling me
this is your place?
[Draken] Jeez.
Do you ever shut up?
Man, you scored!
Are you jealous?
Wow! You're a total city boy!
[Draken] Honestly, it's
not what you think.
(upbeat instrumental music)
(bell dings)
(musical notes chimes)
(Takemichi gasping)
Come on in guys.
Sorry. I think we came in
the wrong door somehow.
[Draken] I'm home.
Huh?
Oh, sorry.
I didn't notice it you.
What are you doing home
so early Kenny boy?
what kind of delinquent
acts like that?
As long as you're here,
take out that load
of dirty towels.
Oh, yeah. And you need
to change the light bulb
in the break room.
Wouldn't kill either of you
to say please once in a while.
Sorry about this.
Just wait for me in the lobby
for a little while okay?
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi gawking)
(nails clipping)
Ugh.
Draken lives in a brothel.
How the hell did
that ever happen?
And how was that even possible?
And why does this guy
keep clipping his nails?
(nail blowing)
All right.
Now just a little
bathroom break.
(footsteps thudding)
-Thank you for waiting for me.
-(Takemichi gasping)
(curtain rattling)
Thank you so much
for requesting me.
I'm Remi.
(Takemichi gasping)
(Remi laughs)
Just come with me okay?
Okay.
(footsteps thudding)
You're young.
(Takemichi blushing)
Let's get you in
the shower first.
(water splashing)
I'm so glad you
chose me, Takemichi.
You're totally my type.
(Takemichi gasping)
Wait.
Is Draken trying to give me
a surprise present here?
So I can finally say goodbye
to my virginity?
Are you telling me it's time
to become a man, Draken?
[Remi] Takemichi?
(Takemichi gasping)
Is it okay if
I come in?
Agh!
Is this okay, me?
Are you really going
to do this, Takemichi?
Yes.
Thank you, Draken.
(door opening)
Now what the hell do
you think you're doing?
(Takemichi gasping)
Oh, you gotta be kidding.
This guy is just
one of your friends?
Remi, you can't assume
every man you run
into is a customer.
Well keep your friends
out of the damn
lobby then dumbass.
(Draken laughs) Idiot.
I have no idea what's
going on anymore.
I grew up without any parents.
So I guess you
could say I ended up
getting raised by everyone here.
You just casually
dropped a bombshell
like it was nothing.
Come on.
(Takemichi grunts)
(upbeat instrumental music)
(Draken laughs)
This is hilarious.
'Cause other than Mikey,
you're the first person
I've had in here.
This has been your room
for your whole life?
Yeah.
It's not big, but it's
got everything I need.
Have a seat.
I think I'm starting to see why
Draken always
seemed so grown up.
Okay.
Hm?
Whoa!
Look at all these
pictures you have.
That's a great one of Mikey.
And here's Emma too.
I guess you actually
do care about her.
What?
Shut up.
(Takemichi gasp)
There's Baji.
(footsteps thudding)
[Draken] These
are all the people
who are most important to me.
Huh?
I can never let
anything happen to them.
And that's why I wanted
to kill Kazutora.
I know that would have
been wrong, but still.
(soft instrumental music)
So thank you for stopping Mikey.
I wanted to,
but I couldn't.
(crowd chattering)
(soft instrumental music)
(footsteps thudding)
I think I understand
how Draken feels.
I'm trying to do my best too,
for all the people who
are most important to me.
(soft instrumental music)
(footsteps thudding)
But it's nice to know
Draken really does like Emma,
despite the tough guy
routine he puts on.
You've got this Emma!
Keep after him and he
might come around someday.
Uh, what?
Emma?
Wow. Speak of the devil.
Hey!
Emma!
Wait up!
(Takemichi gasps)
(soft percussion music)
(Emma laughs)
Love you.
Mikey.
(head patting)
(Takemichi gawking)
You've gotta be shittin' me!
You're kidding right, Emma?
Cheating's bad enough.
But of all people
it had to be with Mikey?
That's hitting way
too close to home!
Don't you know
what would happen
if Draken saw this?
(upbeat instrumental music)
You've got some
explaining to do.
What the hell do you think
you're doing with Emma?
Huh?
This girl belongs to me.
That does it!
From now on you're my
blood enemy jackass.
Yeah?
Then bring it on pal.
I'll murder you!
(fire exploding)
(Takemichi trembling)
Oh, it's all over
for sure this time.
Toman final battle
is about to begin.
This is Armageddon.
Indeed.
I do smell an intriguing
mystery my dear Watson.
Huh?
Hina?
Hi, Takemichi.
And you're here too?
Sorry for sneaking up on you.
We were out shopping,
and we just happened
to see you here.
Oh well, good to see you, Naoto.
[Mikey] Quit hanging onto me.
[Emma] Nope!
(Emma laughs)
This is strange.
Emma lives and breathes Draken
so what we're seeing
just can't be happening.
There's something quite
suspicious going on.
Don't you agree
with me, Takemichi?
Uh-huh.
Well, I intend to
solve this mystery.
Solve it in the
name of my grandpa!
Uh?
Oughta just go along
with it, Takemichi.
She watched so many
of these detective
series lately,
she's kinda nuts.
Come on, get over here you guys!
We don't want to
lose sight of 'em.
Uh.
(crowd chattering)
[Emma] Say, "Ahh".
(Mikey gulps)
Thanks.
You see, I still
know what you like.
(upbeat instrumental music)
So where'd you get
that pipe, Hina?
Pay attention dear Watson.
Focus on Emma's eyes.
Her eyes?
[Hina] Those are definitely
the eyes of a girl in love.
The women can tell.
Is it that clear?
Hmm.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
She does look like
she's in love.
(face smacking)
Creep. I told you to
look at her eyes.
There it is.
Hinata's Detective Punch-Out.
(Hina laughing)
[Kazushi] Hey, Takemichi!
Is that you?
Hm?
[Takemichi] Whoa, Yamagishi?
(crowd chattering)
[Kazushi] Yeah.
From what you say, I
definitely smell a case here.
No doubt.
That's why we're
following them around
to try and find out the truth.
But so far
we still don't have
any solid evidence.
Hmm?
I've been hearing rumors
about this Emma chick myself.
My sources tell me
that there have been
numerous sightings
of Emma recently
leaving Mikey's
house along with him.
And it's almost invariably
early in the morning.
The obvious conclusion would be
she's spending the
night with him,
and going home the next day.
(Takemichi sighs)
That's super bad news.
As tragic as it is,
we have to face the
fact that this mystery
has now been completely solved.
Emma and Mikey are positively
a couple two-timers!
No way!
All that's left now is
to get the confessions.
Uh.
You're not gonna
ambush them are you?
I really don't think
that's a very good idea.
It's the only way
to know for sure.
If this is happening,
I feel terrible for Draken.
Hina.
But if it's true and
Draken finds out,
there's gonna be blood for sure!
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi gasping)
(upbeat instrumental music)
Oh, God! No!
What is he doing here now?
(footsteps thudding)
Who did your girlfriend
say she feels terrible for?
(bell dings)
Talk about bad timing!
(table slamming)
Huh?
Hey, what's up?
Please you two don't
even try to lie!
Tell me what's going on?
Huh?
(footsteps thudding)
(Takemichi trembling)
Emma and Mikey?
It's not what it looks
like Draken I swear!
Hmm?
Draken?
Huh?
(suspenseful instrumental music)
(Mikey sighs)
(Emma gasps)
It's all over.
What a disaster!
(Draken laughs)
(musical notes chimes)
Check this out.
Hanging out with
your little sister
on her birthday, Mikey.
Ah, shut up.
Huh?
Little sister?
Oh wait,
did you not already know
about that, Takemichi?
Mikey and Emma here
are brother and sister,
though their moms are different.
(Hina and Takemichi gawking)
Now that you mention it,
I guess they do
sorta look alike.
You think so?
You know I could have sworn
I told you about this Hina.
Damn!
Is that true detective?
And how about you Yamagishi?
[Hina] Wow. Doesn't this
parfait look delicious?
[Kazushi] Yeah, it sure does.
Hmm, it's so uh fluffy.
-Yeah, she just forgot.
-Hmm, yum.
[Draken] Here.
Huh?
Have a happy birthday, Emma!
Whoa.
That's that thing you wanted
from the arcade the other day.
(Emma fawning)
Well, then I guess
we'll see you later.
(Emma fawning)
(wind chimes)
He's so cool.
I'm so happy for you, Emma.
(crowd chattering)
(Emma laughing)
(soft instrumental music)
I've never seen Emma
look so happy before.
[Takemichi] Yeah.
I hope those two get
everything worked out.
Yeah.
And hey,
I hope that everything's
gonna work out okay
between the two of us too.
(soft instrumental music)
Uh-hmm.
(hands holding)
I have a feeling they will.
(Hina and Takemichi laughing)
What just happened?
Looks like you and I have
been totally forgotten.
Like yesterday's paper.
(door opening)
[Naoto] We're home.
Thanks for walking me back home.
Goodnight!
Uh-hmm.
(door closes)
(phone chimes)
It's Mitsuya.
Hey, what's up?
(crowd chattering)
(Takemichi grunting)
[Peh] Hey, Takemichi!
[Takemichi] Damn, is that Peh?
Wow, he looks so unnerving!
Hey man, I'm sorry to keep
you waiting for so long.
I know Mitsuya called you here
but he's busy right now so
I'll take you in instead.
Come on.
Oh yeah, sure.
(footsteps thudding)
So Peh, I guess you go
to the same junior high
as Mitsuya right?
Yeah.
We're the same school
and the same division.
Why? Do you have a
problem with that?
Uh no!
[Peh] We're here.
[Takemichi] Huh?
The Home Ec room?
[Peh] Man, I hate
dealing with her.
Huh, with who?
[Yasuda] Hayashi?
Are you here to bother
our president again?
Maybe I could uh...
Well, he's busy now anyway
so just get lost.
But could I just...
And also why are you
dressed like that?
It's only because
you dress that way
that the teachers are
always picking on you.
(footsteps thudding)
[Mitsuya] What's up?
President! Hayashi's
here for you again!
Huh?
Mitsuya?
Hey, Takemichi.
Hi.
And Yasuda come
on, go easy on Peh.
I asked him to run
an errand for me,
so it's all good.
I can't help it!
I hate all delinquents
except you.
Why is she keep calling
you "President."
Mitsuya?
Come in an' you'll see.
[Sewing Club Member]
Oh President,
can you take a look at this?
[Sewing Club Member] I need
you over here too president.
I'll get to you all.
He's president of
the sewing club?
Wait right here for
just a bit Takemichi.
It's almost done.
Uh.
Okay.
Yamada, let me just suggest
maybe a half-stitch
would work better there.
Oh, right.
And Kawai, I think you
should try a blanket stitch
to close off those sides.
Okay.
Careful not to hurt your
fingers when you're in close.
He's in a biker gang,
but he's still living his
school life to the fullest.
Man, Mitsuya is amazing!
(machine clanking)
What's he mean by "Almost done?"
What was he talking about?
-Your jacket?
-Huh?
It's really pretty impressive
that Mitsuya himself
took on the job of making
your new jacket for you.
Whoa that's hard to
believe actually!
First time since the OG
members, right Mitsuya?
In Toman our only
actual formal wear
is our jackets.
I just wanted to show
you my thanks, Takemichi.
You saved Draken at the
Battle of August 3rd.
And you open everyone's eyes
at the Bloody Halloween.
It was really pretty amazing.
So I wanted to be the
one to do your jacket.
(Takemichi admiring)
Thank you so much.
You dumbass!
Doing this for you
is my pleasure.
(birds chirping)
There.
It's done.
Now try it on Takemichi
so I can make adjustments.
Glad to.
Tomorrow's meeting's
gonna be a big deal!
Uh-hmm.
(Takemichi laughs)
(crowd chattering)
Hey, hurry up Takemichi.
This attention.
It's all kinda embarrassing.
Nah.
We wanna show you off.
All right then.
(crowd chattering)
(footsteps thudding)
Hmm?
Huh?
(footsteps thudding)
(inspirational
instrumental music)
(Draken laughs)
(crowd chattering)
(footsteps thudding)
You've changed up
your look, I see.
(Takemichi laughs)
Yeah.
I think the jacket is wearing me
instead of the other way around.
At this time,
I formally welcome
you into Tomam.
Right!
I accept this honor!
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
This meeting's now in order!
Right!
(footsteps thudding)
This night's gonna
be important for you.
I hope you're ready.
(Takemichi grunts)
(Takemichi gasping)
(crowd chattering)
(wind rustling)
(soft instrumental music)
(footsteps thudding)
[Crew Member] Valhalla?
(crowd chattering)
Hanma?
And Chifuyu?
(crowd chattering)
Our gathering tonight
is about to get messy.
We're settling things for good
after the Bloody Halloween.
(wind rustling)
(Takemichi grunts)
(soft instrumental music)
(closing theme music)